who has a bunny well look at that shit
kick let's talk of that Bell all right
done that food killed me look at that
jet stuck in place oh yeah you sit hey
by you kick is the jet over the
mountains like stuck in place we'll
shoot you down my sniper hate him monkey
want left it's smoking I can blow it up
after million GTA stimulus package you
yes five days bc services gonna give you
five hundred thousand dollars when that
all front at tipón dhawan dating
it's fucking Jenny gorda
oh yeah her you tell using his car you
thought all the caps are killer I'm not
gonna be able to shoot his jetta
I like one of the film's jumping
everything got there fuckers get away
from me oh fuck doll fire sipping some
weed a spaces oh my car stuck earlier on
tree on a tree on its side is there
anything to be a tree looks good oh no I
was like out in the middle of nowhere
jumping hill ah yeah disgusted by Clark
there you're my better in person welcome
everybody plays in the city welcome now
go towards the beach side of the other
side everybody stays on the south side
of the map sitting ah I've over please
they can get it I still in north side
cuz nobody's every day
either people chance to me all the time
oman passes
yeah this place my car dirty all got XP
for jumping there's a day three spins in
one jump in GTA online like I did more
than that oh I've been jumping the
full-time for like fuck that knowledge
and since yesterday i've been in the
hill cook how'd you can find out about
the arm we start being sick ah people
wanna come some in boxes though
you